what is going on everyone got a game of
modern warfare 2 team deathmatch on
scrapyard for you today a lot of you
have been asking for some modern warfare
2 gameplay and figured I would bring you
some it I hope you had a fantastic
weekend wherever you are at it is
absolutely gorgeous here in the state of
Georgia this weekend
it is amazing whether it is in the 70s
and every year about this time it just
makes me want to go out and buy a sports
car again and get out and cruise and get
out in this lovely weather and drive and
it made me think back to one of my first
cars that I ever owned as a teenager as
a matter of fact I had this car right
here
that was a 1987 Chevrolet Camaro z/28
iroc-z Edition and it was an awesome car
I loved that car
it took me through the last part of high
school and it was amazingly cool to have
a car like that and I wish I still had
it I wish I had a car like that
unfortunately sometimes when you grow up
you have to give up your toys and do the
smart and proper adult thing which is
have a boring car but every year about
this time when the weather changes I get
that urge in me to have a convertible or
some type of open-air car and seeing the
brand-new 2011 chevrolet camaros are out
now those things look awesome and I want
one really bad and the new convertible
edition is about to come out in another
month or two and man I would really like
to have one the only downside to that is
going into debt it's been probably 10
years since I had a car payment and I
don't particularly want one
it's it's really nice being debt-free
and not owing anything my truck is paid
for my house was paid for so it's nice
being able to not have to pay out that
money like that but every year about
this time I get that urge and it makes
me think about putting into practice
away I used to save money when I was
young that car you saw in the picture I
actually paid for that car myself my
parents didn't buy it I I made the
monthly payments and paid that car off
all on my own
and one thing that I did as a very young
person to accumulate wealth or
accumulate savings I wasn't necessarily
wealthy but it's really something that
you guys if you're out there your young
teenager and maybe you're looking to
start saving up to get your very first
car maybe you can implement this and use
it to your advantage maybe it can help
you save some money up what I did all
while I was a young person was whenever
I would get any type of money whether it
be payment for a job like after school I
worked for my parents and our family
business and I would get a basically a
paycheck for it even though I was like
13 14 years old I still got paid for
that or any time I received like a gift
for a birthday or Christmas if it was
money I implemented this strategy and it
worked I was able to save money and
accumulate a nice little nest egg for
myself at a very young age and what that
is is super simple any of you guys can
do it anyone no matter what your age can
do this to help save money and let's say
you get 50 dollars for one reason or
another twenty-five dollars of that like
it doesn't even exist and just put it in
a savings account it's so simple so easy
just put it away tuck it away the other
25 or half of whatever it is you can
spend freely and do whatever you want to
with it but that other half you have to
force yourself to save it and before
long it will accumulate you can invest
it if you want you can try the stock
market but just putting it in a savings
account you have no idea how
beneficial and helpful that can be
especially if you start early so if
you're a young person and you're looking
to start growing some money in a bank
account try that method you know
whatever you get if you get $20 for your
birthday or something put half of it in
a bank account
forget it exists just save money that
way and before you know it you can buy
your own car
it all it does is take a little time and
a little patience and you can do
anything that you set your mind to all
right guys have a great day and I'll see
you again soon